Welcome back.
Now in this lesson we are going to tackle our sign out process because right now what we have left over
is our on click that calls our off sign out method.
We actually also have to move our sign out into its own user actions.
And as we know this off sign out is also an API call.
So what we can do is we can wrap this as well inside of it's own sign out and sign out success sign
up.
Failure redux style that we are gotten so used to now.
So what we're going to do is we are going to have to of course first make the action types so let's
go to our user types and let's make a new sign out start
our sign out our success
and our sign out failure
and then we'll also make of course the correct actions.
So what we're gonna do is we're going to export the concept sign out start which is just a payload free
component.
Right.
So it's gonna be our user action types sign out success.
We're gonna do the same thing for our success and our failure.
The only difference is that success takes no payload because it just issues the type.
Once we succeed it pretty much just tells our application that the user has signed up and then we're
gonna do a sign out failure
failure.
What's this.
Should we start my mistake.
And the failure will actually get the air right because we want to log an error in case something has
happened something has gone wrong inside of our sign up for we've got to update our reducer to listen
for these actions and what we're going to say is that if there is a sign in failure or a sign out failure
we want to update our error because it's pretty much just one error property
and what we want to do is we also want to make sure that if our sign
success is also successful
we want to return state except our current user will be no and we can also set our error to no
now that we have this working we need to actually issue out the correct action in the right place inside
of our header component.
We now want to fire off our new sign out start action So here what we'll do is we will import in the
action let's see if we only have one.
No we don't.
OK so let's import in sign out start from redux users.
User action
and then we're going to map dispatch to props
have dispatched the props where sign out start goes to a function that pretty much just dispatches our
sign out start action creator.
We pass map dispatch to prop store connect and then we have to d structure this out of our property
values and pass this like so.
So now we have our sign out start being fired from our option link.
We do need to write our saga as well that will listen for our sign out start
so if you've noticed now this is pretty much just us jumping through all these redux files and then
updating according to the right pattern right.
We make the actions and now our components are purely action generators right.
Any of the logic related to actual sign out or any of that stuff no longer happens in the components.
We've moved them all out into their sagas so hopefully that's something that you've noticed that is
happening and that's the whole thing about us writing these generators and the sagas is that they holds
up much of the applications actual logic related to anything a synchronous or anything impure so here
we're gonna make our on sign out start which will yield take latest of user action types.
Dots sign out start and of course we're going to fire R sign out
generator and inside of our tribe block we are going to yield off Dot's sign up so after our sign up
comes through.
We're then going to yield our plot sign out success which we have to import in to r saga file sign out
excuse as well as sign out failure.
So now if we succeed we're gonna put out sign out success but if we fail if our Sino call fails we are
going to put out only those four brackets we are going to put out sign out failure with the error
we're gonna add this to our chain of listeners and now if we go back to our application you have an
error here.
What is this.
Let's see.
Take lateness requires a saga parameter.
Take the latest woops we didn't pass this on so let's pass in our sine function let's save and now we'll
see that.
Let's sign him
we got our success if we had our sign up we trigger a sign up start and now we have our sign of success
which is clearing out our user
inside of our user reducer.
So awesome.
So now our sign up is working and the other great thing about doing it this way now is that we have
this action now that other sagas can listen to in order to issue out their own respective actions in
terms of perhaps doing something like resetting the application state in such a way that we would expect
when a user signs out in fact let's leverage this sign up success method that we fire in order to clear
out our carpe so let's do that in the next lesson.